[Docs] inter-cluster-network update (#2673)
liqotech/liqo: docs/advanced/peering/inter-cluster-network.md

    namespace: liqo
```

> You can generate this file with the command:
> 
> ``` bash
> liqoctl create gatewayserver server --remote-cluster-id 35d83766-f466-46ef-b5b3-d253b6d465f1 --service-type NodePort -o yaml
> ```
> 
> and then edit it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can generate this file with the following command, and then edit it:

``` bash
liqoctl create gatewayserver server --remote-cluster-id 35d83766-f466-46ef-b5b3-d253b6d465f1 --service-type NodePort -o yaml
```
```

  mtu: 1340
```

You can generate this file with the command:

``` bash

> liqoctl create gatewayclient client --remote-cluster-id ef7a1f41-c753-4a0e-83e5-bed013e7fe4f --addresses 10.42.3.54 --port 32133 -o yaml

Reviewer 2: We need to fix all the commands having the UID as `--remote-cluster-id`
```suggestion
liqoctl create gatewayclient client --remote-cluster-id $REMOTE_CLUSTER_ID --addresses 10.42.3.54 --port 32133 -o yaml
```
